Add MFA "UI only" removal blog post (#119)
rubygems/rubygems.github.io: _posts/2022-07-26-mfa-ui-only-removed.md

---
title: An Update to RubyGems MFA Levels
layout: post
author: Kevin Lin and Jenny Shen
author_email: kevin.lin@shopify.com
---

# Summary

> The “UI only” multi-factor authentication level is being removed.

Author: I'll do it to be consistent, but I also kind of think the code style rendering has bad kerning and is harder to read:
<img width="335" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/44324811/180036413-1408ebb2-a16b-432f-9d30-95dc75907774.png">

> Users who are currently on the `UI only` MFA level will still remain on that level, but will be migrated to the `UI and gem signin` level on August 26th, 2022.

Reviewer: Let push this to 8 Sept. Please update the date of this post to 8 Aug as well.

Author: Sorry I missed this, I'll assume that a month of buffer is still desired. I'll put it on the 22nd, next monday.

# Why is this happening?

> In essence, the `UI and gem signin` level is the same as `UI only`, but it also ensures that command line logins are verified with multi-factor authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In essence, the `UI and gem signin` level is the same as `UI only`, but it also requires that `gem signin` command is verified with multi-factor authentication. This ensures that accounts with MFA protections are not impacted by compromised passwords.

If you are using `gem sigin` in automated builds, we recommend that you migrate to using a pre-generated API key for authentication. You can either set `API_KEY` env to the value of your API key or write the key to `credentials` file.

echo "https://rubygems.org: YOUR_API_KEY" > ~/.gem/credentials

```
